# TransFill-Reference-Inpainting
This is the official repo for TransFill: Reference-guided Image Inpainting by Merging Multiple Color and Spatial Transformations at CVPR'21. According to some confidential reasons, we are not planning to release the training/testing codes and models. Online-demo will be public once we set up the server. However, we release the testing dataset for comparsion, and the scripts to prepare the training dataset. 


## Introduction



## Download Testing Data
We shared the testing images in the paper, including the 'Small Set' containing 300 pairs of images from RealEstate10K, and a 'Real Set' containing 100+ challenging paired images from users. The data can be downloaded from the [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15tjUa0WA5K6kyee3Juodzvr_zKzGJvUG/view?usp=sharing).

To reproduce the results in the Table 1 of the paper, download and unzip the 'Small Set' into data folder, and run
```
python compute_metrics.py
}
```
The script will compare the images generated by TransFill with the ground truth images in the target folder, and return PSNR, SSIM and LPIPS score.

In the 'Real Set', ProFill and TransFill results are shared for the researchers to compare. Note that there are some failure cases within the folder, which shows the room for future works to improve TransFill. 

## Test on Your Own Data
We plan to set up the online demo server in the near future. But before we finish that, if you are really eager for a comparsion of the results for research purpose, feel free to send the testing data in the format of 'target', 'source', 'hole' folders to yuqzhou@adobe.com. The resolution has better be smaller than 1K x 1K, otherwise we have to resize the image to avoid memory issues. To make fully use of the advantages of TransFill, we suggest the hole to be large enough by including more background contents of the target image. 

We won't keep your data and will return the testing results to you within 2 working days. 

## Citation
If you think this repo and the manuscript helpful, please consider citing us.
```
@InProceedings{Zhou_2021_CVPR,
    author    = {Zhou, Yuqian and Barnes, Connelly and Shechtman, Eli and Amirghodsi, Sohrab},
    title     = {TransFill: Reference-Guided Image Inpainting by Merging Multiple Color and Spatial Transformations},
    booktitle = {Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)},
    month     = {June},
    year      = {2021},
    pages     = {2266-2276}
}
```

## Acknowledgements
This project is conducted when the author interned at Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Research.


